Source for Generalised Bitmap Module
------------------------------------

I wrote this all in my spare time.
I hereby place this source code in the public domain.
Please feel free to use this source in any way you please.
Do not try to exclude others from using this source.
No guarantees provided, and support is in my scarce free time.

Unzip with the -d option to make the following directories :-

	.
		Bits from elsewhere, included to make source complete.
		scroll.* is a pre-built OS/2 2.x PM scroller control.

	.\gbm
		Fully portable 32 bit C code that provides most of the
		functionality. Has been compiled on 32 bit OS/2, AIX and other
		32 bit platforms. Provides librarys to perform file I/O,
		error-diffusion, halftoning, colour reduction, reflecting,
		rotating, transposing, scaling and cropping.

	.\gbmv
		Simple 32 bit OS/2 PM bitmap viewer. Simply provides application
		whose client displays a bitmap.

	.\gbmdlg
		Provides a derivation of WinFileDlg, which is designed to
		allow the user to specify the file for loading or saving.
		Has additional entryfield for "Bitmap specific options".
		Has "Bitmap", "GIF", "PCX" etc. in the Filetypes combo box.
		Includes help source to generate accompanying help text.

	.\gbmv2
		Sophisticated 32 bit OS/2 PM bitmap viewer with menu and dialogs
		to give access to bitmap manipulation tools. Full help.

	.\gbmvfsa
		OS/2 Full Screen animation viewer using 320x200 8bpp VGA mode.
		Written using the almost documented Vio calls.

	.\gbmlogo
		Tool to make VRAM0.DAT, VRAM1.DAT, VRAM2.DAT and VRAM3.DAT for
		feeding into MAKELOGO.EXE supplied on Developer Connection CD 6.
		MAKELOGO.EXE makes VRAM.DAT which can be copied over hidden
		file \OS2LOGO on the boot drive, to change the boot screen.
		Input to GBMLOGO.EXE should be a 640x400 bitmap.

Each directory effectively defines one of my projects. They should be built in
the order listed above, because later projects use headers/librarys etc. from
the earlier ones.

If a makefile uses stuff from another directory, it accesses it via a make
variable defined at the start. In this way, if I move a directory, I need only
change a line at the top of a makefile.

In fact the source is supplied with makefiles that work on my machine.
So you will need to edit the makefiles and change the following lines to :-

	SCROLL =		to place where . directory unzipped to
	GBM =			to place where .\gbm directory unzipped to
	GBMDLG =		to place where .\gbmdlg directory unzipped to

{{{ Andy Key

Internet: ak@nyangau.aladdin.co.uk
